[Docs] Move cloud docs to main docs (#2049)
jetify-com/devbox: docs/app/docs/jetify_cloud/dashboard/creating_your_team.md

---
title: Creating Your Team
sidebar_position: 2
---

> Developers who want to use Jetify for their personal projects can sign up for a free account. The free account comes with basic Jetify Cloud features (like Secrets), with additional features like Deployments available for purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers who want to use Jetify for their personal projects can sign up for a free account. The free account comes with basic Jetify Cloud features (like Secrets), with additional features like Deployments and Cache available for purchase.
```
Maybe?

If you want to collaborate and share your projects with other members on your team, you will need to upgrade to a **Team Account**. Team accounts let you invite other developers to share resources and collaborate on projects in Jetify Cloud.

> Users with a free account can try out a paid Team account free for 14 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with a free account can upgrade to a paid team on the dashboard anytime.
```

## Creating a New Team Account

1. From the Team Selector in the top right of your dashboard, select **Create a New Team**

![New Team](../../../static/img/team_selector.png)

1. You may be prompted to sign in again. Log in with the same email or Google Account that you used to create your Account.

1. At the bottom of the team selection screen, enter your new Team Name and then click **Create Team**

![Create Team Form](../../../static/img/create_team_form.png)

1. Your new team will be created, and you will be automatically switched to your new team. You can now [invite other members](./inviting_members.md) to join your team.

## Billing

> New teams are automatically enrolled in a 14 day free trial. After the trial period ends, you will need to add a payment method to continue using your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free accounts are free forever. You will need to add a payment method to unlock paid tier features.
```
